1. Open eclipse IDE
2. create a new java project and name it.
3. Now we have to create 3 java classes in the src of the our java project.
4. first right click on src and create a new class for connection. name package (use letters lowercases) and name class (like conn).
5. Open the it and clear code lines except package line (check class name) then paste the connection code.
6. change the class name to your given class name. and save this
7. Now Open MySQL
8. Run MySQL --version then MySQL -u root -p then pass: root then show databases.
9. Here you need to search a database which is having a table with preferably 3 columns and more than 2 or 3 rows of data. If you don't find it then create one which does have.
10. Come Back to Eclipse' connection class.
11. Replace the DBMS with your selected database in public static final String DBURL = "jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/DBMS"; and in comments too. then save this.
12. Then right click on the src of your java project and select build path > configure build path.. > libraries > Classpath > Add External Jars.. Then locate the jar file and select save and apply. (You can either download jar file or its in the folder)
13. Run the Code.
14. If Having Errors right click on the errors and try pressing import or something then it will work.
15. Again run till connection is established.
16. right click on the src again and create new class for insert. Give same package name and anything for class name.
17. Open the it and clear code lines except package line (check class name) then paste the insert code.
18. Change the database name, table name, columns if necessary, and values to insert if necessary in the code.
19. Run the code if having errors same as above till value is inserted.
20. To check open the sql window and type select * from table_name to see the inserted value.
21. right click on the src again and create new class for delete. Give same package name and anything for class name.
22. Open the it and clear code lines except package line (check class name) then paste the delete code.
23. Change the database name, table name, columns if necessary, and values to insert if necessary in the code.
24. Run the code if having errors same as above till value is deleted.
25. To check open the sql window and type select * from table_name to see the if value is deleted.
26. Finally DONE.
